# CS-255
Systems Analysis and Design
I believe the client DriverPass(Liam,Owner and Ian,CIO) wants to create a LMS or Learning Manangement system. They want a system to schedule their services. This system will allow users to train for their drivers test. This system should allow users to create their own learning plan with multiple defined packages and track their progress. The LMS should allow instructors give direct feedback or update the lesson plan. The system should allow students to schedule reservations for one on one training with a select driver.
If i could go back and improve one thing I would most likely go back and improve the requirements document because I think I could improve some technical things within it. I also do think anything can be always be improved and if I was on a team then I would get feedback and take into account what they think I could improve on.
The user needs are so important because they are the ones that are going to be using the system so making sure that the needs are met are very important. Using the 5 Why's method is very important in trying to make sure you understand the why when making the design for project. It made it more understandable on why certain things needed to be done. 
I do believe trying to help the user with their needs and do the project in as few steps as possible is very important and makes or breaks a good design. Using UML diagrams helps break the needs down and allow others to go back and redefine things later.
